OADP-3737: Troubleshooting MCG issues (#73667)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-mcg-performance-tuning.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: Should this module contain a set of instructions? OR
Did you intend to create a `concept` or `reference` module?

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Author: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
```

[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

> The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

Reviewer: Sorry, IMO it's not clear what this module is trying to explain. Is there any other suitable place where this information can be added?

Author: So originally I had pulled across the help article and included it as procedure

https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-3737

![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/106804821/0c19b64f-9c86-400c-afe6-d2288bcd8ff4)

Reviewer: Well, IMO, this is not ready to merge. I see some gaps. I suggest to: 

- Confirm if a separate module is required or not.
- Check if a different heading can be given other than "Troubeshooting....." (check with SME/QE perhaps for accuracy)
- Check if there is other way/place to present this information (KCS article)
- Can this KCS article be linked under additional resources?

> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6719951[ Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6719951[Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

> OpenShift Data Foundation's default configuration for Multicloud Object gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

Author: ```suggestion
The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.
```

> * Large files: In the case large, the metadata to the data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (Memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of Namespace buckets, only mem would be sufficient. The CPU is important mainly for data buckets, where the endpoints use the CPU for encryption and de-duplication.

Author: ```suggestion
* Large files: In the case of large files, the metadata-to-data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of namespace buckets, only memory would be sufficient. 
+
The CPU is important mainly for data buckets, where the endpoints use the CPU for encryption and deduplication.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

* Large files: In the case of large files, the metadata-to-data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of namespace buckets, only memory would be sufficient. 
+
The CPU is important mainly for data buckets, where the endpoints use the CPU for encryption and deduplication.

> * Small objects: In that case, the metadata to data ratio is high. For data buckets, this means a high involvement of core and DB. Increasing those pods resources would be the first step. Endpoints memory would probably not be pressured if the core and DB respond quickly. If they don't respond quickly enough, then a back pressure will be built and endpoints will eventually be under pressure. as well. In this case, we would want to increase both core and DB, with more emphasis on the DB itself.

Author: ```suggestion
* * Small objects: In the case of small objects, the metadata-to-data ratio is high. For data buckets, this means a high level of resource involvement from the core and database. Increasing those pods resources would be the first step.
+
Endpoints memory will probably not be under pressure if the core and database respond quickly. If they do not respond quickly enough, then pressure will build, and endpoints will eventually be under pressure. In this case, you should increase both core and database, with more emphasis on the database itself.
```

+
The CPU is important mainly for data buckets, where the endpoints use the CPU for encryption and deduplication.

* Small objects: In the case of small objects, the metadata-to-data ratio is high. For data buckets, this means a high level of resource involvement from the core and database. Increasing those pods resources would be the first step.
+
Endpoints memory will probably not be under pressure if the core and database respond quickly. If they do not respond quickly enough, then pressure will build, and endpoints will eventually be under pressure. In this case, you should increase both core and database, with more emphasis on the database itself.

* A high number of configuration entities, such as a large number of buckets or accounts: This would also point to the database and core, with more emphasis on the core than the database.

When using namespace buckets, increasing the endpoint's memory and the database's memory and CPU would be the first step.

> * MCG database resources - You need to increase CPU and memory per the workload characteristics.

Author: * MCG database resources: You need to increase CPU and memory based on the workload characteristics.

> * MCG database resources - You need to increase CPU and memory per the workload characteristics.

Author: ```suggestion
*  MCG database resources: You need to increase CPU and memory based on the workload characteristics.
```

> *  MCG database resources: You need to increase CPU and memory based on the workload characteristics.

Author: ```suggestion
*  MCG database resources: You need to increase CPU and memory based on the workload characteristics.
```

> * MCG auto scale min/max size - That would improve the response to peaks, but it also has a delay till it kicks in, hence it's important to set both minimal and maximum size.

Author: ```suggestion
* MCG auto-scales the minimum and maximum size: This would improve the response to peaks, but it also has a delay until it reacts. Therefore, it is important to set both the minimum and maximum size.
```

> * MCG Core resources - You need to increase CPU and memory per the workload characteristics.
> 
> * Make sure you connect to the NooBaa endpoint using its service address "https://s3.openshift-storage.svc" or "http://s3.openshift-storage.svc" since this connects directly to the NooBaa endpoints

Author: ```suggestion
* MCG Core resources: You need to increase CPU and memory based upon the workload characteristics.

* Ensure you connect to the NooBaa endpoint by using its service address, link:https://s3.openshift-storage.svc[https://s3.openshift-storage.svc] or link:http://s3.openshift-storage.svc[http://s3.openshift-storage.svc] since this connects directly to the NooBaa endpoints.
```

[id="mcg-auto-scaling_{context}"]
== Adjust the auto-scaling

* Adjust the auto-scaling with a command like this:

+
[source,yaml]
----
oc patch -n openshift-storage storagecluster ocs-storagecluster \
    --type merge \
    --patch '{"spec": {"multiCloudGateway": {"endpoints": {"minCount": 3,"maxCount": 10}}}}'
----

+

> This would set the NooBaa Endpoint Horizontal Pod Autoscaling to deploy at least 3 Pods and scale up to 10 Pods when needed. The default is to deploy at least 1 Pod and at most 2 Pods.
> 
> 
> [id="mcg-tuining-core-database-resources_{context}"]
> == Tuning MCG core and database resources
> 
> * Tuning MCG core and database resources can be done via the storage cluster CR.

Author: ```suggestion
+
This would set the NooBaa Endpoint Horizontal Pod Autoscaling, with the aim of automatically scaling the workload to match demand, to deploy at least 3 pods and scale up to 10 pods when needed. The default is to deploy at least 1 pod and at most 2 pods.

[id="mcg-tuining-core-database-resources_{context}"]
== Tuning MCG core and database resources

* Tuning MCG core and database resources by using the storage cluster Custom Resource (CR).
```

.
.
.
----

* Apply the above values by issuing the following command:

+
[source,yaml]
----
oc patch -n openshift-storage storagecluster ocs-storagecluster \
    --type merge \
    --patch '{"spec": {"resources": {"noobaa-core": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}},"noobaa-db": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}},"noobaa-endpoint": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}}}}}'
----

[id="mcg-pv-backing-store_{context}"]
== PV pool backing store

When you use the PV pool backing store, you might not have the expected performance due to low default values. To change it:

* Open the OpenShift console.

* Go to *Storage* -> *Object Storage* -> *Backing Store*

* Select the relevant backing store and click *YAML*.

* Go to *spec* -> *pvPool* and update the requests with CPU and memory.

* Add a new property of limits and add CPU and memory as well. For example:

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  pvPool:
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 1000m
        memory: 4000Mi
      requests:
        cpu: 800m
        memory: 800Mi
        storage: 50Gi
----

> 

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.15/html/managing_hybrid_and_multicloud_resources/index[Instructions for how to manage storage resources across a hybrid cloud or multicloud environment using the Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

* Large files: In the case of large files, the metadata-to-data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of namespace buckets, only memory would be sufficient. 
+
The CPU is important mainly for data buckets, where the endpoints use the CPU for encryption and deduplication.

> * * Small objects: In the case of small objects, the metadata-to-data ratio is high. For data buckets, this means a high level of resource involvement from the core and database. Increasing those pods resources would be the first step.

Author: ```suggestion
* Small objects: In the case of small objects, the metadata-to-data ratio is high. For data buckets, this means a high level of resource involvement from the core and database. Increasing those pods resources would be the first step.
```

+
Endpoints memory will probably not be under pressure if the core and database respond quickly. If they do not respond quickly enough, then pressure will build, and endpoints will eventually be under pressure. In this case, you should increase both core and database, with more emphasis on the database itself.

> * High amount of configuration entities such as large number of buckets, accounts: This would also point to the DB and core, with more emphasis on the core.

Author: ```suggestion
* A high number of configuration entities, such as a large number of buckets or accounts: This would also point to the database and core, with more emphasis on the core than the database.
```

> When using namespace buckets, increasing the endpoint's memory and the DB's memory and CPU would be the first step.

Author: ```suggestion
When using namespace buckets, increasing the endpoint's memory and the database's memory and CPU would be the first step.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

spec:
  manageNodes: false
  resources:
    noobaa-core:
      limits:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
      requests:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
    noobaa-db:
      limits:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
      requests:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
    noobaa-endpoint:
      limits:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: 4Gi          <-----
      requests:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: 4Gi          <-----
 storageDeviceSets:
.
.
.
----

* Apply the above values by executing this command:

+
[source,yaml]
----
oc patch -n openshift-storage storagecluster ocs-storagecluster \
    --type merge \
    --patch '{"spec": {"resources": {"noobaa-core": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}},"noobaa-db": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}},"noobaa-endpoint": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}}}}}'
----

> [id="mcg-pv-backing-store_{context}"]
> == PV pool backing store
> 
> When using PV pool backing store, you may not have the expected performance due to low default values.
> To change it:
> 
> * Open the OpenShift console.
> 
> * Navigate to *Storage* -> *Object Storage* -> *Backing Store*
> 
> * Select the relevant backing store and click on *YAML*.
> 
> * Look for spec->pvPool and update the requests with CPU and memory.
> 
> * Add a new property of limits and add cpu and memory as well. For example:
> 
> +

Author: ```suggestion
[id="mcg-pv-backing-store_{context}"]
== PV pool backing store

[id="mcg-pv-backing-store_{context}"]
== PV pool backing store

When you use the PV pool backing store, you might not have the expected performance due to low default values. To change it:

* Open the OpenShift console.

* Go to *Storage* -> *Object Storage* -> *Backing Store*

* Select the relevant backing store and click *YAML*.

* Go to *spec* -> *pvPool* and update the requests with CPU and memory.

* Add a new property of limits and add CPU and memory as well. For example:

+
```

== Tuning MCG core and database resources

* Tuning MCG core and database resources by using the storage cluster Custom Resource (CR).

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: ocs.openshift.io/v1
kind: StorageCluster
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: "2022-01-15T13:40:42Z"
  generation: 4
  name: ocs-storagecluster
  namespace: openshift-storage
  resourceVersion: "29406833"
  selfLink: /apis/ocs.openshift.io/v1/namespaces/openshift-storage/storageclusters/ocs-storagecluster
  uid: 9f970119-379c-11ea-949c-02bb7e7e425c
spec:
  manageNodes: false
  resources:
    noobaa-core:
      limits:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
      requests:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
    noobaa-db:
      limits:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
      requests:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: "4Gi"       <-----
    noobaa-endpoint:
      limits:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: 4Gi          <-----
      requests:
        cpu: "3"                    <-----
        memory: 4Gi          <-----
 storageDeviceSets:
.
.
.
----

> * Apply the above values by executing this command:

Author: ```suggestion
* Apply the above values by issuing the following command:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
oc patch -n openshift-storage storagecluster ocs-storagecluster \
    --type merge \
    --patch '{"spec": {"resources": {"noobaa-core": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}},"noobaa-db": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}},"noobaa-endpoint": {"limits": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"},"requests": {"cpu": "3","memory": "4Gi"}}}}}'
----

[id="mcg-pv-backing-store_{context}"]
== PV pool backing store

> 
> [id="mcg-pv-backing-store_{context}"]
> == PV pool backing store

Author: ```suggestion
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

> The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

Author: ```suggestion
The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6719951[ Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].
```

* Large files: In the case of large files, the metadata-to-data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of namespace buckets, only memory would be sufficient. 
+
The CPU is important mainly for data buckets, where the endpoints use the CPU for encryption and deduplication.

* Small objects: In the case of small objects, the metadata-to-data ratio is high. For data buckets, this means a high level of resource involvement from the core and database. Increasing those pods resources would be the first step.
+
Endpoints memory will probably not be under pressure if the core and database respond quickly. If they do not respond quickly enough, then pressure will build, and endpoints will eventually be under pressure. In this case, you should increase both core and database, with more emphasis on the database itself.

* A high number of configuration entities, such as a large number of buckets or accounts: This would also point to the database and core, with more emphasis on the core than the database.

> When using namespace buckets, increasing the endpoint's memory and the database's memory and CPU would be the first step.

Author: ```suggestion
When using namespace buckets, increasing the endpoint's memory and the database's memory and CPU would be the first step to improving performance.
```

----

+
[NOTE]
====
To retrieve the NooBaa logs, you could use the following `NooBaa log collector` script:

[source,bash]
----
#!/bin/bash# Define the function to get logs for StatefulSets
function get_logs_statefulset() {
    local statefulsets=$(oc get statefulset | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
    for ss in $statefulsets; do
        local pods=$(oc get pods -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name -o name | grep $ss)
        for pod in $pods; do
            echo "Logs for $pod"
            oc logs $pod
        done
    done
}# Define the function to get logs for Deployments
function get_logs_deployment() {
    local deployments=$(oc get deployment | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
    for deploy in $deployments; do
        local pods=$(oc get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name -o name | grep $deploy)
        for pod in $pods; do
            echo "Logs for $pod"
            oc logs $pod
        done
    done
}# Execute the log retrieval functions
get_logs_statefulset
get_logs_deployment
----
====

> * This `NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE` error might indicate that there are not enough healthy resources available in the NooBaa bucket. To check the resources, issue:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* This `NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE` error might indicate that there are not enough healthy resources available in the NooBaa bucket. To check noobaa bucket status:
```

[source,bash]
----
#!/bin/bash# Define the function to get logs for StatefulSets
function get_logs_statefulset() {
    local statefulsets=$(oc get statefulset | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
    for ss in $statefulsets; do
        local pods=$(oc get pods -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name -o name | grep $ss)
        for pod in $pods; do
            echo "Logs for $pod"
            oc logs $pod
        done
    done
}# Define the function to get logs for Deployments
function get_logs_deployment() {
    local deployments=$(oc get deployment | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
    for deploy in $deployments; do
        local pods=$(oc get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name -o name | grep $deploy)
        for pod in $pods; do
            echo "Logs for $pod"
            oc logs $pod
        done
    done
}# Execute the log retrieval functions
get_logs_statefulset
get_logs_deployment
----
====

* This `NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE` error might indicate that there are not enough healthy resources available in the NooBaa bucket. To check the resources, issue:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ noobaa bucket status first.bucket -nopenshift-storage
----

* Example output:

> // removing characters from output

Author: ```suggestion
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6719951[ Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].

> * Large files: In the case of large files, the metadata-to-data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of namespace buckets, only memory would be sufficient. 

Author: ```suggestion
////
* Large files: In the case of large files, the metadata-to-data ratio is low. Increasing the resources for the endpoints (memory and CPU) and the number of endpoints would be the first thing to do. In the case of namespace buckets, only memory would be sufficient. 
```

----

+
[NOTE]
====
To retrieve the NooBaa logs, you could use the following `NooBaa log collector` script:

[source,bash]
----
#!/bin/bash# Define the function to get logs for StatefulSets
function get_logs_statefulset() {
    local statefulsets=$(oc get statefulset | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
    for ss in $statefulsets; do
        local pods=$(oc get pods -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name -o name | grep $ss)
        for pod in $pods; do
            echo "Logs for $pod"
            oc logs $pod
        done
    done
}# Define the function to get logs for Deployments
function get_logs_deployment() {
    local deployments=$(oc get deployment | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
    for deploy in $deployments; do
        local pods=$(oc get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name -o name | grep $deploy)
        for pod in $pods; do
            echo "Logs for $pod"
            oc logs $pod
        done
    done
}# Execute the log retrieval functions
get_logs_statefulset
get_logs_deployment
----
====

> * This `NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE` error indicates that there are not enough healthy resources available in the NooBaa bucket. To check the resources, issue:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* This `NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE` error might indicates that there are not enough healthy resources available in the NooBaa bucket. To check the resources, issue:
```

INFO[0001] Exists: Service "noobaa-mgmt"
INFO[0001] Exists: Secret "noobaa-operator"
INFO[0002] Exists: Secret "noobaa-admin"
INFO[0002] RPC: bucket.read_bucket() Request: {Name:first.bucket}
WARN[0002] RPC: GetConnection creating connection to wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ 0xc000c479e0
INFO[0002] RPC: Connecting websocket (0xc000c479e0) &{RPC:0xc000a44190 Address:wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ State:init WS:<nil> PendingRequests:map[] NextRequestID:0 Lock:{state:1 sema:0} ReconnectDelay:0s cancelPings:<nil>}
INFO[0003] RPC: Connected websocket (0xc000c479e0) &{RPC:0xc000a44190 Address:wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ State:init WS:<nil> PendingRequests:map[] NextRequestID:0 Lock:{state:1 sema:0} ReconnectDelay:0s cancelPings:<nil>}
INFO[0003] RPC: bucket.read_bucket() Response OK: took 11.6ms Bucket status:
  Bucket                 : first.bucket
  Type                   : REGULAR
  Mode                   : NOT_ENOUGH_HEALTHY_RESOURCES
  ResiliencyStatus       : OPTIMAL
  QuotaStatus            : QUOTA_NOT_SET
  Num Objects            : 0
  Data Size              : 0.000 B
  Data Size Reduced      : 0.000 B
  Data Space Avail       : 0.000 B
  Num Objects Avail      : 9007199254740991
----

> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.15/html/managing_hybrid_and_multicloud_resources/index[Instructions for how to manage storage resources across a hybrid cloud or multicloud environment using the Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/{ocp-version}/html/managing_hybrid_and_multicloud_resources/index[Instructions for how to manage storage resources across a hybrid cloud or multicloud environment using the Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-mcg-performance-tuning_{context}"]
= Performance tuning guide for Multicloud Object Gateway

The default configuration of {rh-storage} for Multicloud Object Gateway is optimized for low resource consumption and not performance.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

INFO[0001] Exists: Service "noobaa-mgmt"
INFO[0001] Exists: Secret "noobaa-operator"
INFO[0002] Exists: Secret "noobaa-admin"
INFO[0002] RPC: bucket.read_bucket() Request: {Name:first.bucket}
WARN[0002] RPC: GetConnection creating connection to wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ 0xc000c479e0
INFO[0002] RPC: Connecting websocket (0xc000c479e0) &{RPC:0xc000a44190 Address:wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ State:init WS:<nil> PendingRequests:map[] NextRequestID:0 Lock:{state:1 sema:0} ReconnectDelay:0s cancelPings:<nil>}
INFO[0003] RPC: Connected websocket (0xc000c479e0) &{RPC:0xc000a44190 Address:wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ State:init WS:<nil> PendingRequests:map[] NextRequestID:0 Lock:{state:1 sema:0} ReconnectDelay:0s cancelPings:<nil>}
INFO[0003] RPC: bucket.read_bucket() Response OK: took 11.6ms Bucket status:
  Bucket                 : first.bucket
  Type                   : REGULAR
  Mode                   : NOT_ENOUGH_HEALTHY_RESOURCES
  ResiliencyStatus       : OPTIMAL
  QuotaStatus            : QUOTA_NOT_SET
  Num Objects            : 0
  Data Size              : 0.000 B
  Data Size Reduced      : 0.000 B
  Data Space Avail       : 0.000 B
  Num Objects Avail      : 9007199254740991
----

> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/{ocp-version}/html/managing_hybrid_and_multicloud_resources/index[Instructions for how to manage storage resources across a hybrid cloud or multicloud environment using the Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/{ocp-version}/html/managing_hybrid_and_multicloud_resources/index[Instructions for how to manage storage resources across a hybrid cloud or multicloud environment using the Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].
////
```

----

+
[NOTE]
====
To retrieve the NooBaa logs, you could use the following `NooBaa log collector` script:

[source,bash]
----

> #!/bin/bash# Define the function to get logs for StatefulSets
> function get_logs_statefulset() {
>     local statefulsets=$(oc get statefulset | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
>     for ss in $statefulsets; do
>         local pods=$(oc get pods -l statefulset.kubernetes.io/pod-name -o name | grep $ss)
>         for pod in $pods; do
>             echo "Logs for $pod"
>             oc logs $pod
>         done
>     done
> }# Define the function to get logs for Deployments
> function get_logs_deployment() {
>     local deployments=$(oc get deployment | grep noobaa | awk '{print $1}')
>     for deploy in $deployments; do
>         local pods=$(oc get pods -l app.kubernetes.io/name -o name | grep $deploy)
>         for pod in $pods; do
>             echo "Logs for $pod"
>             oc logs $pod
>         done
>     done
> }# Execute the log retrieval functions
> get_logs_statefulset
> get_logs_deployment
> ----
> ====
> 
> * This `NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE` error might indicate that there are not enough healthy resources available in the NooBaa bucket. To check noobaa bucket status:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ noobaa bucket status first.bucket -nopenshift-storage
> ----
> 
> * Example output:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> INFO[0001] Exists: NooBaa "noobaa"
> INFO[0001] Exists: Service "noobaa-mgmt"
> INFO[0001] Exists: Secret "noobaa-operator"
> INFO[0002] Exists: Secret "noobaa-admin"
> INFO[0002] RPC: bucket.read_bucket() Request: {Name:first.bucket}
> WARN[0002] RPC: GetConnection creating connection to wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ 0xc000c479e0
> INFO[0002] RPC: Connecting websocket (0xc000c479e0) &{RPC:0xc000a44190 Address:wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ State:init WS:<nil> PendingRequests:map[] NextRequestID:0 Lock:{state:1 sema:0} ReconnectDelay:0s cancelPings:<nil>}
> INFO[0003] RPC: Connected websocket (0xc000c479e0) &{RPC:0xc000a44190 Address:wss://localhost:40561/rpc/ State:init WS:<nil> PendingRequests:map[] NextRequestID:0 Lock:{state:1 sema:0} ReconnectDelay:0s cancelPings:<nil>}
> INFO[0003] RPC: bucket.read_bucket() Response OK: took 11.6ms Bucket status:
>   Bucket                 : first.bucket
>   Type                   : REGULAR
>   Mode                   : NOT_ENOUGH_HEALTHY_RESOURCES
>   ResiliencyStatus       : OPTIMAL
>   QuotaStatus            : QUOTA_NOT_SET
>   Num Objects            : 0
>   Data Size              : 0.000 B
>   Data Size Reduced      : 0.000 B
>   Data Space Avail       : 0.000 B
>   Num Objects Avail      : 9007199254740991
> ----
> 
> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/{ocp-version}/html/managing_hybrid_and_multicloud_resources/index[Instructions for how to manage storage resources across a hybrid cloud or multicloud environment using the Multicloud Object Gateway (NooBaa)].
> ////

Author: ```suggestion
```
